# Tic-Toe-Game
You have probably played the Tic-Tac-Toe game to pass time during school hours. It’s fun when you play with paper and pencil. Here, we have developed a mini project in C Tic Tac Toe game – a simple console application without graphics.  It is the same noughts and crosses or the Xs and Os, the other names for Tic-Tac-Toe, you’ve played with paper and pencil. This mini game project is written in C language in a very simple manner; it is complete and totally error-free.  This Tic Tac Toe game in C is compiled in Code::Blocks with gcc compiler.In Tic Tac Toe game, there are 765 states of space complexities or over 25,000 possible games on those different positions.  Function Used:  I have divided this project into many functions, and below is a list of those functions. I have only described the gotoxy function in detail. Just go through the source code once, and other functions used are simple and easy to understand.  void menu() – In this mini project, this function displays the menu or welcome screen of this project. Scroll down to view the photo of the menu. With this function, you can select whether you wish to play the game with X or with O.  void go(int n) void start_game() void check_draw() void draw_board() void player_first()  void put_X_O(char ch, int pos) – This function puts one of the numerical character you input into the respective position in Tic-Tac-Toe. For example: if you are playing with X and you input 2, the X will go to first row – second column. If you want to place X in third row – first column, you have to enter 7. And, it is similar for the other positions.  void gotoxy (int x, int y) – You need to understand this function as it is one of the most important one used in Tic Tac Toe in C. This function allows you to print text in any place of the screen. Using this function in Code::Blocks requires coding, but it can be directly used in Turbo C. Here is a code for this function in Code::Blocks.  COORD coord = {0, 0};  // sets coordinates to (0,0) as global variables void gotoxy (int x, int y) {         coord.X = x; coord.Y = y; // X and Y are the coordinates         SetConsoleCursorPosition(GetStdHandle(STD_OUTPUT_HANDLE), coord); }I haven’t used file to record the number of games won by the player, by the computer or the number of games drawn. Not using file handling may seem a bad idea, but this C mini project on Tic Tac Toe Game can definitely guide you to modify and create a newer version of the Tic-Tac-Toe game using file handling to store game records.
